Beef up the introduction and add an outline for the document structure (#25)
abetterinternet/prio-documents: design-document.md

   client's input.
1. Proof share: A share of a proof, used by an aggregator during the
   input-validation protocol.

## Overview {#overview}

The protocol is executed by a large set of clients and a small set of servers.
We call the servers the *aggregators*. Each client holds an input. Given the set
of inputs x[1], ..., x[n], the goal is to compute y = F(x[1], ..., x[n]) for
some aggregation function F, while revealing nothing else about the inputs.

### Secret sharing

Prio achieves this goal using additive secret sharing. Rather than send its
input in the clear, each client "splits" its input into a sequence of "shares"
and sends a share to each of the aggregators. This secret-sharing procedure has
two important properties: first, it is impossible to deduce the input given only
a proper subset of the shares; and second, it allows the aggregators to compute
the final output by first adding up their input shares locally, then combining
the results to obtain the final output.

Consider an illustrative example. Suppose there are three clients and two
aggregators. Each client holds a positive integer, and our goal is to compute

> the sum of the inputs. Using an additive secret-sharing scheme, the first client

Reviewer: This seems like an example where we actually have to invoke modular arithmetic, because obviously if x[,] are just integers then we know that x[1] < x[1,1] and x[1] < x[1,2].

Author: I took your suggestion above, which should make it clear.

splits its input x[1] into a pair of integers x[1,1] and x[1,2] for which x[1] =

> x[1,1] + x[1,2]. It then uploads x[1,1] to one sever x[1,2] to the other. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
x[1,1] + x[1,2] modulo some value p.  For convenience, we will omit the "mod p" in the rest of this section. It then uploads x[1,1] to one server x[1,2] to the other. The
```

second client splits its input x[2] into x[2,1] and x[2,2], uploads them to the
servers, and so on.

Now the first aggregator is in possession of input shares x[1,1], x[2,1], and
x[3,1], and the second aggregator is in possession of input shares x[1,2],
x[2,2], and x[3,2]. Each aggregator computes the sum of its input shares. Let
A[1] denote the first aggregator's share of the sum and let A[2] denote the
second aggregator's share of the sum. In the last step, aggregators combine
their sum shares to obtain the final output y = A[1] + A[2]. This is correct

> because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because addition is commutative. i.e., 
```

Author: Done.
